
The more that you read, the 
more things you will know. The 
more that you learn, the more 
places you'll go. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:00:00 2016


A book is a device to ignite 
the imagination. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:00:05 2016


I read my eyes out and can't 
read half enough... The more 
one reads the more one sees we 
have to read. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:00:10 2016

                                   Are you a good witch, or a bad 
                                   witch? 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:00:20 2016


The love of books is a love 
which requires neither 
justification, apology, nor 
defense. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:00:30 2016

                                   Oh!, Well, is that the witch? 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:00:40 2016


No matter what his rank or 
position may be, the lover of 
books is the richest and the 
happiest of the children of 
men. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:00:50 2016

                                   Well, I'm a little muddled. 
                                   The Munchkins called me 
                                   because a new witch has just 
                                   dropped a house on the Wicked 
                                   Witch of the East. And there's 
                                   the house, and here you are, 
                                   and that's all that's left of 
                                   the Wicked Witch of the East. 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:01:00 2016

                                   And so the Munchkins want to 
                                   know are you a good witch, or 
                                   a bad witch? 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:01:05 2016


A first book has some of the 
sweetness of a first love. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:01:10 2016


No entertainment is so cheap 
as reading, nor any pleasure 
so lasting 
     Fri Mar 11 17:01:15 2016

                                   The Munchkins. They're 
                                   laughing because I am a witch. 
                                   I'm Glinda, the Witch of the 
                                   North. 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:01:20 2016


Of all the things which man 
can do or make here below, by 
far the most momentous, 
wonderful, and worthy are the 
things we call books. 
     Fri Mar 11 17:01:30 2016

                                   Only bad witches are ugly. 
                                        Fri Mar 11 17:01:40 2016

